Pengeler/python uv example (#619)
ansys/pyhps: doc/source/examples/index.rst

     - Submit a CFX solve job to the HPS server using an execution script.
   * - :ref:`example_python_two_bar`
     - Create an HPS project that solves a two-bar truss problem with Python.
   * - :ref:`example_python_uv`
     - Run arbitrary Python scripts on HPS using uv.

A link to download the required resources is available on each example page. If desired, 

> you can download the required resources for all examples through the link below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can download the required resources for all examples using the following link.
```
Avoid above/below as positioning might not be correct in printed doc.
